Add a note regarding what should not be added to `config/application.yml` manifest (#33)
gumroad/wilfred: README.md

- `DEPLOY_SCRIPT_USERNAME`
- `DEPLOY_SCRIPT_PASSWORD`

> **IMPORTANT NOTE:** [Figaro](https://github.com/laserlemon/figaro) makes it easy to access the keys added to `config/application.yml` as environment variables in the app like `ENV["GH_APP_ID"]`. Therefore in development environment, you should _prevent_ adding a key to this file like `DATABASE_URL` at all (and should _never_ add it with a URL to the database hosted in other environments) since it could be _**disastrous**_!

Reviewer: Slightly rephrased, thoughts?

```suggestion
**IMPORTANT NOTE:** [Figaro](https://github.com/laserlemon/figaro) makes it easy to access the keys added to `config/application.yml` as environment variables in the app like `ENV["GH_APP_ID"]`. Therefore in development environment, you should _NOT_ add a key to this file like `DATABASE_URL` at all (and should _never_ add it with a URL to the database hosted in other environments) since it could be _**disastrous**_!
```
